README.md, before:

# CosmosIE (Cosmos Image Effects) Public Release.
![Windows 10](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2010-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white) **or higher Exclusive**

![CosmosIE2](https://img.shields.io/badge/CosmosIE-Released%20-success?style=plastic&logo=windows)
![CosmosIE](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1058436364296781914/1058437313300009100/CosmosImageEffectLOGO.png)
![Release](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1059870151719268422/1063728105736376330/Release.png)
CosmosIE © 2022 by CosmosEffects is licensed under [Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand/CosmosIE/blob/main/LICENSE) [![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) and owned by [CosmosEffects](https://cosmosai.net/ie/) of [CosmosAI Services.](https://cosmosai.net/cube/) All Rights Reserved.
## Discord Servers
[Cosmos AI](https://cosmosai.net/ie/discord)

[Cosmos Effects](https://cosmosai.net/cube/discord)
## RELEASE Branch
This is the Branch for Final Updates, Everything is permanent or temporary.
*May get mistaken for [Beta](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand/CosmosIE/tree/beta)*

## Social Medias

<details> 
<summary>Social Medias</summary>
<hr>

## Social Medias

### ToxicedLOL / ToxicedIsOnTheLand 
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black)](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand)

[![subscribe](https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe%20-FF0000?style=flat&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@ToxicedIsHere?sub-confirmation=1)

[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/ActualToxicityy)

[![twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=twitch&logoColor=6441a5)](https://m.twitch.tv/toxicedlol)

[![steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/Steam%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=steam&logoColor=black)](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199237882707)

[![reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit%20-ED001C?style=flat&logo=reddit&logoColor=FF5700)](https://www.reddit.com/u/ToxicedLOL)

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/732955234489466951)

### Slick Torpedo / Philip Ehrbright
[![subscribe](https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe%20-FF0000?style=flat&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@slicktorpedo4420?sub_confirmation=1)

[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black)](https://github.com/SlickTorpedo)
  
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram%20-d62976?style=flat&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/philip_ehrbright)
  
[![tiktok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok%20-black?style=flat&logo=tiktok)](https://www.tiktok.com/@philip.ehr)
 
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/574137308077359104)

[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9B%93%20Website%20-red?style=flat)](https://philipehrbright.com)
  
### Cosmos Artificial / Slick, Inuu, and Toxiced
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://cosmosai.net/cube/discord)
  
[![tiktok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok%20-black?style=flat&logo=tiktok)](https://www.tiktok.com/@cosmosartificial)
  
[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9B%93%20Website%20-red?style=flat)](https://cosmosai.net/cube)
  
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram%20-d62976?style=flat&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/cosmosartificial/)
  
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/CosmosNeural)
  
### Cosmos Effects / Slick and Toxiced
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/CosmosEffects)
  
[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9B%93%20Website%20-red?style=flat)](https://cosmosai.net/ie)
  
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://cosmosai.net/ie/discord)

Commit message:

added Details and Downloads header temporarily for Release
title has it all

README.md, after:

# CosmosIE (Cosmos Image Effects) Public Release.
## Details
![Windows 10](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows%2010-0078D6?style=flat&logo=windows&logoColor=white) **or higher Exclusive**

![CosmosIE2](https://img.shields.io/badge/CosmosIE-Released%20-success?style=plastic&logo=windows)
![CosmosIE](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1058436364296781914/1058437313300009100/CosmosImageEffectLOGO.png)
![Release](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1059870151719268422/1063728105736376330/Release.png)
CosmosIE © 2022 by CosmosEffects is licensed under [Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand/CosmosIE/blob/main/LICENSE) [![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) and owned by [CosmosEffects](https://cosmosai.net/ie/) of [CosmosAI Services.](https://cosmosai.net/cube/) All Rights Reserved.
### Downloads
- Download version 7 at the [CosmosAI.net IE Website](https://cosmosai,net/ie)
- Download version 8 latest at [**`ddccec6`**](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand/CosmosIE/releases/tag/v8.0.0) and click CosmosIE,zip
- ~~Download version XXX unknown at [our website](https://cosmoseffects.github.io/xxx/)~~ | Download currently does not exist and this will be a placeholder.
## Discord Servers
[Cosmos AI](https://cosmosai.net/ie/discord)

[Cosmos Effects](https://cosmosai.net/cube/discord)
## RELEASE Branch
This is the Branch for Final Updates, Everything is permanent or temporary.
*May get mistaken for [Beta](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand/CosmosIE/tree/beta)*

## Social Medias

<details> 
<summary>Social Medias</summary>
<hr>

## Social Medias

### ToxicedLOL / ToxicedIsOnTheLand 
[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black)](https://github.com/ToxicedIsOnTheLand)

[![subscribe](https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe%20-FF0000?style=flat&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@ToxicedIsHere?sub-confirmation=1)

[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/ActualToxicityy)

[![twitch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=twitch&logoColor=6441a5)](https://m.twitch.tv/toxicedlol)

[![steam](https://img.shields.io/badge/Steam%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=steam&logoColor=black)](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199237882707)

[![reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit%20-ED001C?style=flat&logo=reddit&logoColor=FF5700)](https://www.reddit.com/u/ToxicedLOL)

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/732955234489466951)

### Slick Torpedo / Philip Ehrbright
[![subscribe](https://img.shields.io/badge/subscribe%20-FF0000?style=flat&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@slicktorpedo4420?sub_confirmation=1)

[![github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20-FFFFFF?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=black)](https://github.com/SlickTorpedo)
  
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram%20-d62976?style=flat&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/philip_ehrbright)
  
[![tiktok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok%20-black?style=flat&logo=tiktok)](https://www.tiktok.com/@philip.ehr)
 
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/users/574137308077359104)

[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9B%93%20Website%20-red?style=flat)](https://philipehrbright.com)
  
### Cosmos Artificial / Slick, Inuu, and Toxiced
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://cosmosai.net/cube/discord)
  
[![tiktok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok%20-black?style=flat&logo=tiktok)](https://www.tiktok.com/@cosmosartificial)
  
[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9B%93%20Website%20-red?style=flat)](https://cosmosai.net/cube)
  
[![instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram%20-d62976?style=flat&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/cosmosartificial/)
  
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/CosmosNeural)
  
### Cosmos Effects / Slick and Toxiced
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/CosmosEffects)
  
[![website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9B%93%20Website%20-red?style=flat)](https://cosmosai.net/ie)
  
[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord%20-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://cosmosai.net/ie/discord)
